daughter
miss
Mom, you're awake
Please these days.
Nian Nian, are you alright?
I'm fine, I'm just reading a book
Yaoyao is big
I am going to take the college entrance examination this year
Luna said
He wanted me to go to college.
And ah, I believe in the moon god
He promised me that he would come back
Miss classmates
I like you very much.
Can you give me a chance? Promise him. Promise him
Is that okay? Sorry.
I can't promise you.
Hurry up and get married, you lie
If you get married
Why haven't we met your husband?
How about this?
You call him out
As soon as I see him
I promise I won't pester you again.
I'm sorry, this is my personal matter, miss classmate
I'm so good, why did you reject me?
miss
I'm back late.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I don't want your apology.
Unless you can't use it for a lifetime
Otherwise I won't forgive you
Only a lifetime?
I plan to compensate you with my life